Docs: Add some messages flagging the upcoming requirement of a .readthedocs.yaml (#10389)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/tutorial/index.rst

otherwise it will take you directly to the documentation.
When you are satisfied, you can merge the pull request!

Adding a configuration file
---------------------------

> We are currently updating this tutorial.
> :doc:`As of September 2023, you need to add a configuration file as mentioned in these steps <rtd-blog:migrate-configuration-v2>`.
> Until then,
> the tutorial's example project will build without the configuration file.
> But we **highly** recommend completing this section in order to add a configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of September 2023, 
:doc:`you will need to add a configuration file to build your documentation <rtd-blog:migrate-configuration-v2>`.
Until then,
this example project will build without the configuration file,
but we **strongly recommend** completing this section in order to add a configuration file.
```

Customizing the build process
-----------------------------

.. warning::

   We are updating this tutorial.
   :doc:`As of September 2023, you need to add a configuration file as mentioned in these steps <rtd-blog:migrate-configuration-v2>`.

> 

Reviewer: This seems like an odd warning. I think we should include information for the user in the tutorial, instead of this warning. This would just make me stop doing the tutorial if I saw it.

Author: I agree that this is not optimal. But it's inside a section about adding a configuration file, that's why I found it to be "better than nothing".

Author: I mean, the warning says "as mentioned in these steps" and the sections contains some good instructions about adding that file.

It can certainly be improved, but this is just short-term improvement.

Author: Could you clarify what you mean by the comment? Do you want me to turn the warning into more clear instructions? This risks jump-starting changes to the tutorial.

Author: We can rename the section to "Adding a config file" ?

Author: @ericholscher I added a bit more guidance but am afraid that this will escalate :)

Reviewer: I still think this text is weird, and will scare the users...
```suggestion
.. warning::
   As of September 2023,
   :doc:`a configuration file will be required  to build documentation<rtd-blog:migrate-configuration-v2>`. 
```

Author: I think it looks good now. I also clarified that following the tutorial still works. I think it's nice to be explicit about that and not expect someone following the tutorial to jump out and grab more information from the blog post.
